Amy update #1
#############

:tags: [gsoc, swcarpentry, django, release notes]
:date: 04.06.2015

We're soon to release `Amy v0.3`_, which should include some exciting features.

.. _Amy v0.3: https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/milestones/v0.3

New features
============

Autocompletion
    It's now possible to type a fragment of what you're looking for and then
    simply select from a drop-down list.

Page footer
    The new footer displays current Amy version.

Country representation
    Countries in Amy are now internally represented in `ISO 3166-1`_ format.

New "+" button in top-nav
    It allows to add a new event, site or person. Or even multiple persons.

The dashboard page has proper title
    It's not "Amy: None" anymore.

Stripped down `Makefile`
    Some actions it included were not longer relevant.

Templates with the same content were merged
    It's not a change to the end-user.

Lots of small interface changes
    Including switch from links to buttons in some cases, easier event page
    validation, better display of events on the fron page, better display of
    people on the person's listing, links for persons or tasks or webpages,
    and more…

Event invoiced field
    Instead of "fee paid?", we now call it "invoiced?".  Why the change?
    Because `NumFOCUS`_ handles invoicing, not Amy.  We only need to know if
    we should list the event as uninvoiced or not.

Contributor guidelines
    We now have `guidelines`_ for contributors.

.. _ISO 3166-1: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1
.. _NumFOCUS: http://numfocus.org/
.. _guidelines: https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

In the oven
===========

The list above is not complete.  We still have about 3-4 days to include other
nice features:

- awarding badges from badge details page (done)
- awarding badges from user edit page (work in progress)
- setting permissions and passwords (done, awaiting feedback)

What we're going to miss
========================

We probably won't implement `addition of new skills`_.  At least I didn't see
a pull-request for it.

.. _addition of new skills: https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/issues/28

Features for v0.4
=================

`DataTables`_. It's a must-have! Many feature requests would be solved by
simply introducing these tables.  We may leverage autocompletion backend for
serving via Ajax, but I didn't quite look into the matter yet.

.. _DataTables: http://datatables.net/

Thoughts
========

1. We now have new admins, including woman named Amy.  This causes some
   "namespace" conflicts.  In v0.4 we might switch to capitalized AMY for the
   software name.  I proposed an acronym for that ("AdMinister Yourself"), but
   it's not what I think is good acronym.  I failed at finding others, though.
   Also, recursive acronym didn't fit.

2. Feature freeze. I think we need it.  We don't want to incorporate stuff
   that's not thought-through.

3. Maybe smaller release periods, with smaller upgrades.  With the current
   pace, Amy would gain 0.1 every month or even less.

4. I have exams soon.  I received credits for multiple academic projects for
   the current semester, so I'm only 2 small tests away from the exams.  Gotta
   start preparing…
