AMY release v1.2
################

:tags: [swcarpentry, django, release notes]
:date: 30.11.2015

This is the third post-gsoc release of AMY, the workshop management tool for
`Software-Carpentry`_.  This release was supported by `prof. Ethan White`_.
Thanks a lot!

Below you can find a release notes for `version 1.2`_.

.. _Software-Carpentry: https://software-carpentry.org/
.. _version 1.2: https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/milestones/v1.2
.. _1.1: https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/milestones/v1.1
.. _prof. Ethan White: http://whitelab.weecology.org/


Bug fixes
~~~~~~~~~

This release contains bigger bug fixes than `1.1`_:

* wrong object type passed to ``"".format()`` method
* wrong characters permitted in event slugs
* (big one) inconsistant logic in ``EventQuerySet.(un)published_events``
  methods
* after approving person's profile update request, the updated profile is
  displayed instead of the list of other update requests.


New features
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Following feature is also a bug fix, but it's mostly a new feature so
I included it here:

* (big one) fix finding, parsing and validating of event tags: it will now
  work with ``<meta>`` tags on workshop websites

Other new features:

* password reset form was added,
* issues related to, for example, missing location data are now highlighted on
  event details page,
* (big one) admins can now be assigned to specific events or event requests,
* Greg changed descriptions section names on "instructor issues" page,
* the same page was updated by me so that we can have pending and "gave-up-on"
  trainees listed,
* the previous feature was introduced thanks to new 'stalled' tag,
* our API gained some filtering (go to
  https://amy.software-carpentry.org/api/v1/events/published/, click "OPTIONS"
  and look at "query_params"; these can be added to the API calls, for
  example: https://amy.software-carpentry.org/api/v1/events/published/?host=123456789&administrator=987654321)
* the same API gained a new endpoint used for generating list of current
  members of Software-Carpentry Foundation; this is in no way official list of
  members, but it can be used to help determine who's eligible (credits for
  this one go to both Greg and me since I finished his pull request),
* it's now possible to search in events' URL, contact, venue and address
  fields,
* 2 new options for invoice status were added (*not invoiced for historical
  reasons* and *not invoiced because of membership*),
* more places (workshop issues, and on each workshop without attendance data)
  to send "Give us attendance figures" emails, more people to send to,
* profile update requests can now be edited by admins.


Next release
============

There's number of issues scheduled for `v1.3`_ release, and there will be
others added to that list.  The problem is that December contains:

* end of my semester,
* one huge exam, a couple of smaller tests,
* Christmas,
* deadline for my BEng. thesis and project.

So total time spent on AMY in December probably will be lower than what I did
in November.

.. _v1.3: https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/milestones/v1.3
