AMY release v1.0
################

:tags: [swcarpentry, django, release notes]
:date: 09.10.2015

That was a looong ride, but we're finally here! AMY is mature enough to be
given the `v1.0`_ tag.

This will be a joined release notes to multiple `releases`_:

* v0.9.1
* v0.9.2
* v0.9.5
* v0.9.6
* v0.9.7
* and v1.0.0

.. _releases: https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/releases
.. _v1.0: https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/milestones/v1.0

v0.9.1
======

* Greg Wilson has worked on the "problems" page: switched its layout to
  3-column, added better email messages, etc.
* He also extended our API to return airport's country.

v0.9.2
======

* I hot-fixed an issue with creating M2M with intermediary model in model forms
  (basically impossible, we have to do this manually).

v0.9.5
======

* This release adds workshop request forms and profile update request form to
  AMY.

v0.9.6
======

* I hot-fixed a bug with settings: we should load more email settings from
  environmental variables in order to use emails from Django.

v0.9.7
======

* I added a new country: 'Online' (for international / online events, like
  some Instructor Trainings).
* The dashboard was changed to show not only upcoming, but also ongoing
  workshops (in the same column).
* Greg added some helper commands to report inconsistencies in PDF
  certificates for instructors.
* He also removed old command used for checking AMY's database against SWC
  site's archive.  Site has moved to use AMY's API, so the archive was gone and
  the command was made redundant.
* I updated `check.py` script (used for checking workshop settings correctness)
  from `workshop-template` repository.
* Greg cleared up titles of forms introduced in v0.9.5.
* I split these forms' templates and added SWC and DC logos to them.

v1.0.0
======

Bug fixes
~~~~~~~~~

* Bulk-uploaded CSVs with entries that contained empty rows (for example:
  ``,,,,,,``) were treated as correct, but not anymore.
* "Artificial" country European Union had been removed and was brought back
  since some hosts were using it.
* API now returns website URLs to events instead of original URLs.

New features
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* We have a new database for development use (I need to switch to fixtures
  some day…).
* I changed the way AMY handles event URLs:

  * admins cannot use GitHub repository URL for event's URL
  * migration was used to change all URLs to website-URL format (if possible)
  * I also fixed import/update from URL feature to auto-select country if possible
  * …and to auto-use correct website URL instead of repository URL.

* AMY auto-counts event attendees if provided with a list of attendees (for
  example via bulk-upload).
* External links now open in new tabs.
* Now there are more options to Event.invoice (for example with reason for
  lack of invoice).
* New remove awards functionality.

Next release
============

I asked our admins what they want to see next in AMY and I received very nice
feedback.  You can see all requests in `v1.1 tag`_ on GitHub.  It's scheduled
for the end of October (but you can expect some delays :) ).

.. _v1.1 tag: https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/milestones/v1.1
