---
layout: post
title: "AMY update #7"
tags: [gsoc, swcarpentry, django, release notes]
date: 05.09.2015
---

With a week of delay (3 weeks after v0.8 release), I finally released
AMY [v0.9](https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/milestones/v0.9) today.

The list of changes for this release doesn't contain one big thing I was
hoping for, but it's still decent.

This is also the last release that (partly) took place during Google
Summer of Code 2015.

Google Summer of Code 2015
--------------------------

I'd really like to thank everyone who helped me during this Summer:

-   Raniere Silva for keeping eye on the participants' reminders and for
    so many friendly chats over these months
-   Greg Wilson for mentoring me and for lots of enjoyable meetings
-   W. Trevor King for introducing me to some very advanced git methods
-   my application's users: Amy, Giacomo, Maneesha, Tracy and others,
    for providing me with excellent feedback.

This was incredible Summer; I learned a lot and had so much fun. That's
great to see that we'll release AMY
[v1.0](https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/milestones/v1.0) soon as a
wrap up of 4 or 5 months of work.

Bug fixes
---------

Okay, back to the change log.

-   Some workshop URLs weren't translated between repository and website
    versions. This is now fixed and every workshop with one of these
    links will automatically display the other link as well.
-   It happened that users put whole links into `Host.domain` (in the
    form `https://domain.tld`). This caused errors in many places where
    we wanted to display link to that `Host`. The issue is now fixed:
    users aren't allowed to put protocols or trailing slashes into
    `Host.domain`.
-   Some management commands were broken due to the fact that we
    switched underlying methods to use API endpoints, but we didn't
    change the commands themselves.

Feature(s)
----------

This release was focused on getting permissions sorted out and adding
read-only access to people from Software-Carpentry Foundation Steering
Committee.

We had to cut out the another exciting feature: workshop requests,
profile update requests. The Pull Request for this feature is very big
and we'll release it in
[v0.9.5](https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/milestones/v0.9.5) somewhere
in the next week.
