---
layout: post
title: "AMY update #5"
tags: [gsoc, swcarpentry, django, release notes]
date: 30.07.2015
---

AMY [v0.7](https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/milestones/v0.7) was
released today. You'll find list of changes below.

This release contains surprisingly few changes, and the development
seemed slowed a little, but that's not a bad thing: Greg's moving to
Europe with his family and I'm going from time to time on 2-day trips
([Wrocław](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wroc%C5%82aw) tomorrow)

Bug fixes
---------

This time I start with bug fixes.

-   Check if event's starting date is earlier than it's ending date.
-   Ensure event's administrative fee and event's attendance are both
    non-negative numbers.

Theme problem
-------------

This release was themed "fixing
[host/site/organizer](https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/issues/5#issuecomment-122214844)
representation in the database", and I claim success!

The change was rather significant and required me confirming ideas with
Software-Carpentry administrators and Steering Committee.

Rename "Site" to "Host"
:   Previously event's host was incorrectly named "site" (ie. location).

Rename "organizer" to "administrator"
:   `Event.organizer` field was mostly unused and no-one knew it's real
    purpose. By changing it to "administrator" we now have a place for
    our administrators to mark events they're working on.

Filter by administrators on the "All Events" page
:   We can filter by Host, we can now also by administrator.

More location fields for `Event`
:   Workshops that have a public website (most of our workshops does)
    contain standardized location data we didn't previously collect.
    This was required by some other features.

`contact` field for `Event`
:   Additional field we didn't collect in the past.

New features
------------

Faster testing
:   I switched the Travis-CI server to use fast Linux Containers.
    Testing time dropped from 1.5min to 45s.

Enhanced filtering
:   It's possible to select multiple countries and preferable gender on
    "Find Instructors" page.

Lookup instructors closest to the event's location
:   From event's details page administrators can quickly go to "Find
    Instructors" and search by latitude/longitude.

"Update from URL" functionality
:   This works in a similar way to "Import from URL" from v0.6.

Plans for v0.8
--------------

Greg wants v0.8 to store demands for Instructor Training in AMY.
