---
layout: post
title: "AMY release v1.6"
tags: [swcarpentry, django, release notes]
date: 2016-06-28
---

After (I think) 12 days of delay and 7 days of postponing, we finally closed
and released AMY [v1.6][]. It packs a whole lot of changes and bugfixes!

## New features

* I implemented a Data-Carpentry form for submitting requests for running
  self-organized workshops.
* I added a histogram into frequency of instructors teaching report page.
* [Aditya Narayan][] added "Contact all" button on the all persons page.
* [Aditya Narayan][] continued [W. Trevor King][]'s work on the `Language`
  model and now we can accurately track languages amongst multiple forms and
  related models (e.g. events and persons).
* [Aditya Narayan][] added a summary of tasks per role on person's details
  page.
* [Chris Medrela][] added an application form for individuals wanting to become
  instructors.
* I added `Language` support in additional forms (original PR was missing
  language support in some forms).
* **Big**: [Chris Medrela][] worked hard to bring GitHub authentication into
  AMY (with success!).  There are some caveats, but we'll smoothen them out for
  the next release. This work included opening AMY to other users (a move we
  were afraid of), and tests for each and every test to ensure we got the
  permissions right.
* In the same PR, [Chris Medrela][] added an `AutoUpdateProfileForm` used by
  users (who can log in from GitHub) to self-populate their profiles.
* [Aditya Narayan][] defined sorting of tasks on the person's details page.

## Bug fixes

* I fixed a bug that caused `IntegrityError` when people with similar tasks
  (task has a `role`, `person`, and an `event`; tasks for these people were the
  same except `person` was different) were being merged.  `IntegrityError`
  means that a uniqueness constraint was violated (ie. after the merge there
  were two `Task(role, personA, event)`, which is prohibited).
* [Chris Medrela][] fixed interpolation on some of our charts that looked like
  the data was swinging, while in reality it wasn't.
* [Aditya Narayan][] fixed default field values on the
  "All activities over time" page; now the fields have meaningful default
  values and the datetime inputs have a proper calendar widget.
* [Aditya Narayan][] reworked teaching frequency report to eliminate bug that
  duplicated numbers for people simultaneously marked as SWC and DC
  instructors.
* I fixed some corner cases in event validation (behavior for required or
  optional tags/metadata (see below)).
* I fixed a bug resulting in `500 Server error` when accessing weblink to
  a non-existing `Host`.
* [Chris Medrela][] added one small migrations missing from the codebase.
* [Greg Wilson][] fixed a bug in API that prevented `list` from working on the
  generator objects for some renderers (`CSV` and `Yaml`).
* [Prerit Garg][] fixed a specific bug preventing saving a permissions form
  when person's email field is empty.
* [Chris Medrela][] fixed a `TrainingRequest` form that display additional
  fields (that weren't supposed to appear).

## Other

* [Chris Medrela][] refactored "tags" to "metadata"; tags as key-value pairs
  describing workshops' date, times, location, instructors and helpers. We
  changed the naming to "metadata" to not confuse with `Tag` model.
* [Chris Medrela][] sped up our tests by changing hashing algorithm to a slower
  one, which -- surprisingly -- is one of suggested test speedup suggestions by
  Django development team.

## Summary

I'd like to thank [Greg Wilson][] for supporting us throughout the exams, and
even when we disappointed him by continuously not delivering and rescheduling
this release. Greg, you're awesome!

Finally I also want to point to [Chris Medrela][]'s
[blog](http://chrismedrela.github.io/) where he regularly posts AMY's
development during this Summer of Code.

  [v1.6]: https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/milestones/v1.6
  [Aditya Narayan]: https://github.com/narayanaditya95
  [Chris Medrela]: https://github.com/chrismedrela
  [Greg Wilson]: https://github.com/gvwilson
  [W. Trevor King]: https://github.com/wking
  [Prerit Garg]: https://github.com/prerit2010
