---
layout: post
title: "AMY release v1.5.4"
tags: [swcarpentry, django, release notes]
date: 2016-05-21
---

Yesterday AMY [v1.5.4][] was released with a bunch of interesting changes.

## New features

* AMY is now capable of going through all active workshops and checking if
  their metadata (slug, start/end date, instructors and helpers) had changed.
  If so, a notification would be shown to the person associated with the event.
* [Aditya Narayan][] improved history log by enabling it to show related
  objects' real names instead of IDs.
* [Greg Wilson][] added a button to mail everyone involved in a workshop
* as part of his GSoC 2016 project, [Chris Medrela][] added the trainings
  dashboard in its first shape
* [Chris Medrela][] in collab with [Greg Wilson][] added SWC/DC instructor
  badge indicators to: all persons, event details, and "find instructors" views
* Finally, I upgraded the "Find instructors" view to enable admins to search
  for not only instructors, but also in-progress instructor trainees and people
  who once had been associated with the workshop organization. Therefore the
  new name for "Finding instructors" is now "Find Workshop Staff".

## Bug fixes

* [Aditya Narayan][] fixed permissions issue when accessing event details page
  by people without permission to add ToDo items.
* I fixed a small error preventing DataCarpentry logo from showing up on DC
  workshop request page.
* I fixed a small error doubling people with both superuser and `admin` group
  permissions in the admin lookup backend.
* Even smaller error was pointing admins to use wrong URL in import event
  template.  It is now fixed.
* [Chris Medrela][] fixed the former "debriefing" view (now
  "instructors by date") errors concerning emails generation when some people's
  emails were unavailable.
* [Chris Medrela][] fixed I think the oldest unnoticed issue ever: wrong link
  generated for airport's IATA code.
* Finally, [Chris Medrela][] fixed missing template from one of the new
  features for this release.

## Summary

I'd like to thank Chris and Aditya for their continuous work on AMY. This is
just the beginning, and if you're curious go check out what's planned for
[v1.6][] (probably the next release).  There's a lot happening around AMY
recently, so stay tuned for the next release.

  [v1.5.4]: https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/milestones/v1.5.4
  [Aditya Narayan]: https://github.com/narayanaditya95
  [Chris Medrela]: https://github.com/chrismedrela
  [Greg Wilson]: https://github.com/gvwilson
  [v1.6]: https://github.com/swcarpentry/amy/milestones/v1.6
